BURIAL QTY
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
2
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
2
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
2
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.1
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.2
1
0.3
1
0.3
1
0.4
1

EL
tibia
femur
femur
ulna
tibia
tibia
foot prox. phalanx 1
hand distal phalanx 1
metacarpal 1
calcaneus
humerus
radius
femur
femur
intermed. cuneiforme
femur
humerus
femur
hand phalanx
tibia
femur
ulna
femur
femur
femur
humerus
humerus
radius
tibia
humerus
metatarsal indet.
femur
hand phalanx
femur
humerus
femur
perm tooth
humerus
radius
tibia
femur
radius
ulna
metacarpal 2
tibia
tibia
humerus

PE
complete
complete
complete shaft
minus distal end
complete shaft
diaphyseal fragment
complete
complete
minus proximal end
fragment
proximal end with articulation
complete
proximal end with articulation
diaphyseal fragment
fragment
distal shaft no articulation
diaphyseal fragment
diaphyseal fragment
complete shaft
diaphyseal fragment
proximal shaft no articulation
proximal end with articulation
diaphyseal fragment
diaphyseal fragment
proximal end with articulation
proximal shaft no articulation
distal shaft no articulation
distal end w/articulation
proximal shaft no articulation
distal shaft no articulation
complete shaft
proximal end with articulation
minus proximal end
proximal end with articulation
distal shaft no articulation
complete shaft
upper canine
complete shaft
distal end w/articulation
complete shaft
proximal end with articulation
distal end w/articulation
minus proximal end
complete
proximal end with articulation
proximal shaft no articulation
distal shaft no articulation

SD
left
left
right
right
right
indet.
indet.
indet.
right
indet.
indet.
left
indet.
indet.
indet.
left
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
left
left
indet.
indet.
indet.
left
left
left
right
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
right
right
right
right
right
right
left
indet.
right
right
left
left
left
left

AG
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
older subadult/adult indet.
older subadult/adult indet.
older subadult/adult indet.
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
older subadult/adult indet.
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
subadult 0-24 years
older subadult/adult indet.
subadult 0-24 years
adult 25-49
subadult 0-24 years
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
subadult 0-24 years
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49
adult 25-49

SX
indet.
female
female
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
female
male
indet.
indet.
male
indet.
male
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
male
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
female
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.
indet.

